funny we need to
[Music]
what are you talking about I thought
things were great good things it dried
up here this would be our fourth move in
tanning beds but money's fine right
Yeah right yeah
[Music]
this is a fresh stone how about this
effect that's what he always wanted
[Music]
is it you're embarrassing and you're
exhausting
I paid our rent I paid for Ben's school
I bought you a car I bought you a horse
I paid for construction on your barn
you're delusional
I'll make money for us for us it's not
for us it's so you can go to fancy
parties and tell people we have horses
for the first time in years I feel
worthwhile I feel powerful you're a poor
kid pretending to be Richard we don't
have any friends here would have any
family what does it matter so much to
you
because I deserve this a lot more
[Music]
you